well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
some news that may have been lost
you know the entire nation is focused on
a politician being held accountable
hopefully being held accountable well in
the background there's another story but
it's actually the same story the Supreme
Court refused to hear a couple of cases
and those cases stem way back to 2014
and the Flint water crisis the state and
local officials have argued this entire
time
that they're protected by qualified
immunity that they can't be sued they
can't be held accountable lower courts
along the way have well let's just say
not agreed and they took this case this
argument all the way to the Supreme
Court who refused to hear it this opens
the door for those officials who were
involved to be held accountable
this started six years ago it's one of
those things when it comes to government
accountability it's it's hard it is hard
to hold your government accountable but
what often happens is time goes by the
influence of those who are being
protected well it gives away and then
all of a sudden the government doesn't
care to protect them anymore those
individuals that were within government
that did things
the government ceases to protect them
and then they can be held accountable it
happens a lot probably more than most
would imagine I'm just wondering if it's
going to happen in the other case the
case that's up front and center at some
point this administration will end the
next administration will take over and
those who helped cover up any wrongdoing
well they're not going to have the
protection of the administration it
won't exist anymore now it will not be
politically expedient to go after a
president or former president but a
congressman a senator and the nation's
eyes a dime a dozen they'll be the ones
that are held accountable it's not the
crime it's the cover-up I'm sure they've
heard that before and I have a feeling
that that accountability may start even
before this administration leaves office
people in DC government officials in
general they live in an echo chamber
they listen to the news they want the
news that agrees with them they listen
to constituents that agree with them
they listen to donors who agree with
them and that's pretty much act it's not
often that you get a politician that has
their finger on the pulse of their
community you can look at things and
tell that Americans are not happy with
the current administration and those
protecting it
yeah he may not be impeached this time I
mean keep in mind they could impeach him
again in the house there there's nothing
stopping them from doing that he may not
be impeached ever but I think there's a
lot of senators who are gonna take a hit
come election time because if there's
one thing that flint has taught us it's
that justice delayed is justice denied
and I don't think the voters want wait
anyway it's just a fault I have a good
night